Edits (#100)
wormhole-foundation/docs.wormhole.com: docs/reference/faq.md

- **How much does it cost to use Wormhole?**

>     Wormhole doesn't charge any fees in itself as of now but relayers still require you to pay for gas that it spends interacting on chain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Wormhole doesn't currently charge any fees to use the core protocol though a relayer may require payment for it's fees or gas that it spends to submit the VAA to the target chain. 
```

- **Who runs the guardians that secure the network?**

>     The list of current Guardians is available [here](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole/explore-wormhole/guardian).

Reviewer: ?

Author: The Network Page Doesn't have any details about Guardians that's why thought the guardian page might be a better reference.

Reviewer: maybe use https://wormhole-foundation.github.io/wormhole-dashboard/#/
